welcome to the University of Edinburgh
which for over four hundred and
twenty-five years has been influencing
the world Edinburgh is not only one of
the world's oldest universities it's
also one of the most cosmopolitan with
over thirty percent of the 28,000
students here coming from overseas an
incredible 140 countries the university
is also developed overseas exchange
programs allowing those who study and
teach here to widen their horizons
through travel and collaborative work
international students are hugely
important to the University of Edinburgh
they come here to gain that global
education which will equip them with the
skills and the experience and the
knowledge to get employment anywhere in
the world this is something that the
universities have been doing since our
very foundation in 1583 I didn't return
those students offer to the University
Scotland and United Kingdom huge
contributions to academic research our
teaching environment and society in
general there isn't why I chose
Edinburgh but my other two choices was
their location I love the city I love
the fact that it is so cultural it's not
too big but at the same time it is the
capital so I really love it
so I'm nerve-racking to come here at
first and a little bit apprehensive as a
first year but I've definitely
completely settled in at home Andrew
feels like a second home and the
architecture program is great it's
really easy to make friends and become
part of a lot of different social groups
and clubs and committees and a fantastic
experience the rich history and
tradition of the University of Edinburgh
is evident in many parts of the campus
for instance here in old College young
Charles Darwin was in the 1820s busy
developing his ideas which would
revolutionize our understanding of every
loving being Edinburgh is associated
with ten Nobel Prize winners and
numerous pieces of work with worldwide
significance the university's rosal
Institute created the world's first
cloned animal Dolly the sheep
while physics professor Peter Higgs work
on the Higgs Boston has been closely
followed around the world just two
examples of the groundbreaking project
which helped place Edinburgh at the
forefront of innovation position
reflected in its ranking amongst the
world's top 20 universities the
university has an immensely powerful
international reputation and it's been
known for centuries for the quality of
its work in medicine but also for the
quality of its work in literature
history and philosophy and one measure
of that is that we're a leading member
of the Russell Group which are the top
20 research universities in Britain
another measure of that is that when you
do a poll internationally event of the
big international employers we're rated
of amongst universities of the world as
number 15 so we arranged as comfortably
into the top 20 as a university that
produces highly employable graduates the
university is made up of three colleges
and 22 schools allowing Edinburgh to
offer over 600 undergraduate degree
combinations the traditional four-year
honours degree offered by Scottish
universities is renowned for its
rigorous yet flexible approach I think
it's amazing especially for me because I
actually started as an English
literature student in my first year and
I changed my degree this summer I like
the level of depth I like the fact that
I get to start on the three subjects
well at least in my first and second
years meaning that I can really focus
index about everything that I study
about this very subject areas many world
leaders Prime Minister's residents from
around the world have graduated from
Edinburgh and I'm studying international
relations and law so that's sort of
inspiring and encouraging in a certain
way of course the city of Edinburgh is
in itself a huge draw for many students
the Scottish capital has been voted the
best place in Britain to live with a
tremendous array of world-class
attractions
whether it's the fringe the world's
biggest arts festival which takes place
each August the numinous art galleries
and museums or the city's vibrant
nightlife which ranges from traditional
Scottish entertainment to theater and a
wide choice of restaurants Edinburgh
boasts a huge array of leisure options
whilst Edinburgh is at the cutting edge
of innovation and education yesterday
also plays a big part in the fabric of
the city this is Edinburgh Castle dating
back to the 12th century and with over a
million visitors each year
it's Scotland's most popular tourist
attraction it also gives you fantastic
views of the city below I didn't have
any idea about the city of Edinburgh
before I came here and since I've come
I've been absolutely amazed by the city
it is a pretty small city it's also the
most beautiful city I think I've ever
been to very historic so many museums
opportunities to listen to music take
part and performances view art the
university ensures students perform at
their best by providing modern computing
and library facilities as well as an
extensive network of support staff
especially for those students coming to
the UK for the first time Edinburgh also
offers a wide variety of accommodation
options for both undergraduate and
postgraduate students could simply the
University of Edinburgh has everything
you need to achieve your goals
you